Document adding files to agent storage (#170)
foxglove/docs: docs/12-foxglove-agent/2-manage-data.md

Configure the `STORAGE_ROOT` setting in `/etc/foxglove/agent/envfile` with the directory you want to monitor for newly recorded data files.

### Adding recording files

Move your completed recordings into the `STORAGE_ROOT`. The Agent will be notified by the filesystem when a new recording is available.

> You should take care that the file contents are complete when the create notification occurs. For example, you should not stream log data directly to an mcap file in the storage root. You should also move (`mv`) files into place rather than copy (`cp`) them. If using ROS1, this is handled correctly for you because recordings are written to an ".active" file, and the Agent ignores the "active" suffix by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Foxglove Agent receives [inotify](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man7/inotify.7.html) notifications when files are created in the data directory. This notification is triggered when a file is created. To avoid triggering notifications on incomplete files, data files should be [renamed](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/rename.1.html) into the `STORAGE_ROOT` directory after writing. Alternatively, you can write files into the `STORAGE_ROOT` directory with an ignored filename suffix, and then rename it to remove the suffix after writing. The ignored suffix defaults to `.active` and can be customized with the `WATCH_IGNORE_SUFFIX` environment variable.

> Note: The ROS 1 bag writer uses an `.active` suffix on incomplete files by default, and can be used to write directly into the `STORAGE_ROOT`.
```

Reviewer 2: @james-rms that re-write adds more clarity, though I might think about the fact that `cp` is a write and `mv` is a rename. Keeping in that tip expliciltly might save some poor sole a bit of debugging. Perhaps:
> To avoid triggering notifications on incomplete files, data files should be [renamed](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/rename.1.html) into the `STORAGE_ROOT` directory after writing (use `mv` rather than `cp`).

Author: Do we want to mention `inotify` explicitly? That's an implementation not enforced by the code (https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/rjeczalik/notify). Do we prevent you from installing on NFS or some other fs?

Reviewer: We call out here that your storage fs must support `fsnotify` https://docs.foxglove.dev/docs/foxglove-agent/installation - maybe update to `fsnotify`.

Author: I've updated to use nearly what @james-rms wrote above, along with @banisadr's suggestion.

I removed the explicit mention of `inotify`. I did not mention `fsnotify`, which I assume refers to this go package: https://github.com/fsnotify/fsnotify. (Does it?) We don't use that package — it looks like a transitive dependency of viper. We use the `notify` package I linked above, as far as I can tell, and it does not depend on fsnotify. I didn't change that part of the docs here, but it might warrant review.

Configure the `STORAGE_ROOT` setting in `/etc/foxglove/agent/envfile` with the directory you want to monitor for newly recorded data files.

### Adding recording files

Move your completed recordings into the `STORAGE_ROOT`. The Agent will be notified by the filesystem when a new recording is available.

> The Foxglove Agent receives filesystem notifications when files are created in the data directory. This notification is triggered when a file is created. To avoid triggering notifications on incomplete files, data files should be [renamed](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/rename.1.html) into the `STORAGE_ROOT` directory after writing (use `mv` rather than `cp`). Alternatively, you can write files into the `STORAGE_ROOT` directory with an ignored filename suffix, and then rename it to remove the suffix after writing. The ignored suffix defaults to `.active` and can be customized with the `WATCH_IGNORE_SUFFIX` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Foxglove Agent receives filesystem notifications when files are created in the data directory. This notification is triggered when a file is created. To avoid triggering notifications on incomplete files, data files should be [renamed](https://man7.org/linux/man-pages/man1/rename.1.html) into the data directory after writing (use `mv` rather than `cp`). Alternatively, you can write files into the data directory with an ignored filename suffix, and then rename them to remove the suffix after writing. The ignored suffix defaults to `.active` and can be customized with the `WATCH_IGNORE_SUFFIX` environment variable.
```

optional: It feels a little better to me to refer to this thing as the "data directory", what do you think?

Author: I think that sounds better as long as we define "data directory" as equivalent to STORAGE_ROOT in the previous section. I updated that here: [35cd92e](https://github.com/foxglove/docs/pull/170/commits/35cd92ea81e1089556542a3c4754f6840267a98a)
